org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/fragments/ChatGroupsListFragment.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.fragments.ChatGroupsListFragment
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/adapters/ChatGroupsListAdapter.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.ChatGroupsListAdapter
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.ChatGroupsListAdapter$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.ChatGroupsListAdapter$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.ChatGroupsListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/chat21/android/core/receivers/ShutdownReceiver.java
 org.chat21.android.core.receivers.ShutdownReceiver
org/chat21/android/ui/contacts/listeners/OnCreateGroupClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.listeners.OnCreateGroupClickListener
org/chat21/android/ui/contacts/activites/ContactListActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.activites.ContactListActivity
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.activites.ContactListActivity$1
org/chat21/android/core/users/models/IChatUser.java
 org.chat21.android.core.users.models.IChatUser
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/activities/ChatGroupsListActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.activities.ChatGroupsListActivity
org/chat21/android/core/conversations/models/Conversation.java
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.models.Conversation
org/chat21/android/utils/http_manager/OnResponseRetrievedCallback.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.OnResponseRetrievedCallback
org/chat21/android/utils/image/CropCircleTransformation.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.image.CropCircleTransformation
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/listeners/OnRemoveClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.listeners.OnRemoveClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/messages/listeners/SendMessageListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.listeners.SendMessageListener
org/chat21/android/utils/DebugConstants.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.DebugConstants
org/chat21/android/notifications/ChatFirebaseMessagingService.java
 org.chat21.android.notifications.ChatFirebaseMessagingService
org/chat21/android/utils/http_manager/HttpGETTask.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpGETTask
org/chat21/android/core/presence/PresenceHandler.java
 org.chat21.android.core.presence.PresenceHandler
 org.chat21.android.core.presence.PresenceHandler$1
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/listeners/OnSwipeMenuUnreadClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.listeners.OnSwipeMenuUnreadClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/authentication/task/GetCustomTokenTask.java
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.task.GetCustomTokenTask
org/chat21/android/ui/archived_conversations/fragments/ArchivedConversationListFragment.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.fragments.ArchivedConversationListFragment
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/fragments/ConversationListFragment.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.ConversationListFragment
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.ConversationListFragment$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.ConversationListFragment$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.ConversationListFragment$3
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.ConversationListFragment$4
org/chat21/android/utils/image/ImageUtils.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.image.ImageUtils
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/listeners/OnLocationMessageClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.listeners.OnLocationMessageClickListener
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/activities/MessageListActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$10
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$10$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$11
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$12
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$13
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$14
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$15
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$16
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$17
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$18
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$19
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$3
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$4
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$5
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$6
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$7
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$7$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$8
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.MessageListActivity$9
org/chat21/android/core/contacts/listeners/ContactListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.contacts.listeners.ContactListener
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/activities/ConversationListActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.activities.ConversationListActivity
org/chat21/android/utils/ChatUtils.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.ChatUtils
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/activities/ImageDetailsActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.ImageDetailsActivity
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.activities.ImageDetailsActivity$1
org/chat21/android/ui/decorations/ItemDecoration.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.decorations.ItemDecoration
org/chat21/android/core/conversations/listeners/UnreadConversationsListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.listeners.UnreadConversationsListener
org/chat21/android/connectivity/ObservableNetwork.java
 org.chat21.android.connectivity.ObservableNetwork
org/chat21/android/core/chat_groups/listeners/ChatGroupsListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.chat_groups.listeners.ChatGroupsListener
org/chat21/android/ui/contacts/adapters/ContactListAdapter.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.adapters.ContactListAdapter
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.adapters.ContactListAdapter$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.adapters.ContactListAdapter$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.adapters.ContactListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/chat21/android/ui/adapters/AbstractRecyclerAdapter.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.adapters.AbstractRecyclerAdapter
org/chat21/android/core/authentication/task/RefreshFirebaseInstanceIdTask.java
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.task.RefreshFirebaseInstanceIdTask
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/listeners/OnSwipeMenuCloseClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.listeners.OnSwipeMenuCloseClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/chat_groups/models/ChatGroup.java
 org.chat21.android.core.chat_groups.models.ChatGroup
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/fragments/BottomSheetAttach.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.fragments.BottomSheetAttach
org/chat21/android/utils/GpsLocationTracker.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.GpsLocationTracker
 org.chat21.android.utils.GpsLocationTracker$1
 org.chat21.android.utils.GpsLocationTracker$2
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/listeners/OnGroupClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.listeners.OnGroupClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/contacts/listeners/OnContactCreatedCallback.java
 org.chat21.android.core.contacts.listeners.OnContactCreatedCallback
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/listeners/OnNewConversationClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.listeners.OnNewConversationClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/conversations/ArchivedConversationsHandler.java
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ArchivedConversationsHandler
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ArchivedConversationsHandler$1
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ArchivedConversationsHandler$2
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ArchivedConversationsHandler$3
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ArchivedConversationsHandler$4
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ArchivedConversationsHandler$5
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ArchivedConversationsHandler$6
org/chat21/android/core/conversations/ConversationsHandler.java
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ConversationsHandler
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ConversationsHandler$1
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ConversationsHandler$2
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ConversationsHandler$3
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ConversationsHandler$4
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ConversationsHandler$5
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.ConversationsHandler$6
org/chat21/android/core/conversations/listeners/OnConversationRetrievedCallback.java
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.listeners.OnConversationRetrievedCallback
org/chat21/android/utils/http_manager/HttpManager.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpManager
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpManager$1
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpManager$2
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpManager$3
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpManager$4
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpManager$5
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpManager$6
org/chat21/android/instanceid/service/SaveFirebaseInstanceIdService.java
 org.chat21.android.instanceid.service.SaveFirebaseInstanceIdService
org/chat21/android/ui/login/activities/ChatSplashActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatSplashActivity
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatSplashActivity$1
org/chat21/android/core/presence/listeners/MyPresenceListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.presence.listeners.MyPresenceListener
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/WizardNewGroup.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.WizardNewGroup
org/chat21/android/core/messages/listeners/ConversationMessagesListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.listeners.ConversationMessagesListener
org/chat21/android/connectivity/NetworkReceiver.java
 org.chat21.android.connectivity.NetworkReceiver
org/chat21/android/ui/contacts/listeners/OnContactClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.listeners.OnContactClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/users/models/exception/ChatUserIdException.java
 org.chat21.android.core.users.models.exception.ChatUserIdException
org/chat21/android/core/ChatManager.java
 org.chat21.android.core.ChatManager
 org.chat21.android.core.ChatManager$1
 org.chat21.android.core.ChatManager$2
 org.chat21.android.core.ChatManager$3
 org.chat21.android.core.ChatManager$Configuration
 org.chat21.android.core.ChatManager$Configuration$Builder
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/listeners/OnMessageClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.listeners.OnMessageClickListener
org/chat21/android/ui/login/activities/ChatSignUpActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatSignUpActivity
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatSignUpActivity$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatSignUpActivity$1$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatSignUpActivity$1$1$1
org/chat21/android/ui/archived_conversations/adapters/ArchivedConversationsListAdapter.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.adapters.ArchivedConversationsListAdapter
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.adapters.ArchivedConversationsListAdapter$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.adapters.ArchivedConversationsListAdapter$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.adapters.ArchivedConversationsListAdapter$3
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.adapters.ArchivedConversationsListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/chat21/android/core/exception/ChatFieldNotFoundException.java
 org.chat21.android.core.exception.ChatFieldNotFoundException
org/chat21/android/utils/http_manager/HttpDELETETask.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpDELETETask
org/chat21/android/core/messages/handlers/ConversationMessagesHandler.java
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.handlers.ConversationMessagesHandler
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.handlers.ConversationMessagesHandler$1
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.handlers.ConversationMessagesHandler$2
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.handlers.ConversationMessagesHandler$3
org/chat21/android/instanceid/receiver/TokenBroadcastReceiver.java
 org.chat21.android.instanceid.receiver.TokenBroadcastReceiver
org/chat21/android/connectivity/AbstractNetworkReceiver.java
 org.chat21.android.connectivity.AbstractNetworkReceiver
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/listeners/OnAttachDocumentsClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.listeners.OnAttachDocumentsClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/users/models/ChatUser.java
 org.chat21.android.core.users.models.ChatUser
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/listeners/OnConversationClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.listeners.OnConversationClickListener
org/chat21/android/ui/users/activities/PublicProfileActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.users.activities.PublicProfileActivity
org/chat21/android/utils/image/ImageCompressor.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.image.ImageCompressor
 org.chat21.android.utils.image.ImageCompressor$1
 org.chat21.android.utils.image.ImageCompressor$Compressor
 org.chat21.android.utils.image.ImageCompressor$Compressor$CompressorTask
 org.chat21.android.utils.image.ImageCompressor$OnImageCompressListener
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/listeners/OnGroupMemberClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.listeners.OnGroupMemberClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/messages/models/LocationMessage.java
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.models.LocationMessage
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.models.LocationMessage$1
org/chat21/android/utils/StringUtils.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.StringUtils
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/listeners/OnAttachClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.listeners.OnAttachClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/presence/listeners/PresenceListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.presence.listeners.PresenceListener
org/chat21/android/ui/login/activities/ChatLoginActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatLoginActivity
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatLoginActivity$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatLoginActivity$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatLoginActivity$2$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatLoginActivity$2$1$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatLoginActivity$3
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.activities.ChatLoginActivity$OnUserLookUpComplete
org/chat21/android/core/messages/models/Message.java
 org.chat21.android.core.messages.models.Message
org/chat21/android/utils/TimeUtils.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.TimeUtils
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/listeners/OnConversationLongClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.listeners.OnConversationLongClickListener
org/chat21/android/utils/http_manager/HttpPUTTask.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpPUTTask
org/chat21/android/core/exception/ChatRuntimeException.java
 org.chat21.android.core.exception.ChatRuntimeException
org/chat21/android/ui/login/listeners/OnLogoutClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.login.listeners.OnLogoutClickListener
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/adapters/GroupMembersListAdapter.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.GroupMembersListAdapter
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.GroupMembersListAdapter$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.GroupMembersListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/chat21/android/core/contacts/synchronizers/ContactsSynchronizer.java
 org.chat21.android.core.contacts.synchronizers.ContactsSynchronizer
 org.chat21.android.core.contacts.synchronizers.ContactsSynchronizer$1
 org.chat21.android.core.contacts.synchronizers.ContactsSynchronizer$1$1
 org.chat21.android.core.contacts.synchronizers.ContactsSynchronizer$1$1$1
org/chat21/android/ui/archived_conversations/activities/ArchivedConversationListActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.activities.ArchivedConversationListActivity
org/chat21/android/core/authentication/task/OnCustomAuthTokenRefreshCallback.java
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.task.OnCustomAuthTokenRefreshCallback
org/chat21/android/core/contacts/synchronizers/ContactsFirestoreSynchronizer.java
 org.chat21.android.core.contacts.synchronizers.ContactsFirestoreSynchronizer
 org.chat21.android.core.contacts.synchronizers.ContactsFirestoreSynchronizer$1
org/chat21/android/core/conversations/listeners/OnConversationTreeChangeListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.listeners.OnConversationTreeChangeListener
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/activities/NewGroupActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.activities.NewGroupActivity
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.activities.NewGroupActivity$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.activities.NewGroupActivity$2
org/chat21/android/core/chat_groups/listeners/ChatGroupCreatedListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.chat_groups.listeners.ChatGroupCreatedListener
org/chat21/android/ui/archived_conversations/fragments/BSArchivedConversationsListFragmentLongPress.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.fragments.BSArchivedConversationsListFragmentLongPress
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.fragments.BSArchivedConversationsListFragmentLongPress$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.fragments.BSArchivedConversationsListFragmentLongPress$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.fragments.BSArchivedConversationsListFragmentLongPress$3
org/chat21/android/core/chat_groups/syncronizers/GroupsSyncronizer.java
 org.chat21.android.core.chat_groups.syncronizers.GroupsSyncronizer
 org.chat21.android.core.chat_groups.syncronizers.GroupsSyncronizer$1
 org.chat21.android.core.chat_groups.syncronizers.GroupsSyncronizer$2
org/chat21/android/core/authentication/task/OnCustomAuthTokenCallback.java
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.task.OnCustomAuthTokenCallback
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/adapters/SelectedContactListAdapter.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.SelectedContactListAdapter
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.SelectedContactListAdapter$SelectedContactViewHolder
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.adapters.SelectedContactListAdapter$SelectedContactViewHolder$1
org/chat21/android/utils/http_manager/HttpPOSTTask.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.http_manager.HttpPOSTTask
org/chat21/android/storage/StorageHandler.java
 org.chat21.android.storage.StorageHandler
 org.chat21.android.storage.StorageHandler$1
 org.chat21.android.storage.StorageHandler$2
 org.chat21.android.storage.StorageHandler$2$1
 org.chat21.android.storage.StorageHandler$3
 org.chat21.android.storage.StorageHandler$4
 org.chat21.android.storage.StorageHandler$5
 org.chat21.android.storage.StorageHandler$Type
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/activities/GroupAdminPanelActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.activities.GroupAdminPanelActivity
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.activities.GroupAdminPanelActivity$1
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/adapters/SenderViewHolder.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.SenderViewHolder
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.SenderViewHolder$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.SenderViewHolder$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.SenderViewHolder$3
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.SenderViewHolder$4
org/chat21/android/utils/views/TouchImageView.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$1
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$CompatScroller
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$DoubleTapZoom
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$Fling
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$GestureListener
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$OnTouchImageViewListener
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$PrivateOnTouchListener
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$ScaleListener
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$State
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TouchImageView$ZoomVariables
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/adapters/SystemViewHolder.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.SystemViewHolder
org/chat21/android/ui/archived_conversations/listeners/OnSwipeMenuReopenClickListener.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.archived_conversations.listeners.OnSwipeMenuReopenClickListener
org/chat21/android/core/presence/MyPresenceHandler.java
 org.chat21.android.core.presence.MyPresenceHandler
 org.chat21.android.core.presence.MyPresenceHandler$1
org/chat21/android/core/conversations/listeners/ConversationsListener.java
 org.chat21.android.core.conversations.listeners.ConversationsListener
org/chat21/android/utils/IOUtils.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.IOUtils
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/activities/AddMemberToChatGroupActivity.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.activities.AddMemberToChatGroupActivity
org/chat21/android/BuildConfig.java
 org.chat21.android.BuildConfig
org/chat21/android/ui/ChatUI.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.ChatUI
 org.chat21.android.ui.ChatUI$1
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/fragments/BottomSheetConversationsListFragmentLongPress.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.BottomSheetConversationsListFragmentLongPress
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.BottomSheetConversationsListFragmentLongPress$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.BottomSheetConversationsListFragmentLongPress$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.fragments.BottomSheetConversationsListFragmentLongPress$3
org/chat21/android/ui/chat_groups/fragments/BottomSheetGroupAdminPanelMember.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.fragments.BottomSheetGroupAdminPanelMember
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.fragments.BottomSheetGroupAdminPanelMember$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.fragments.BottomSheetGroupAdminPanelMember$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.fragments.BottomSheetGroupAdminPanelMember$3
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.fragments.BottomSheetGroupAdminPanelMember$4
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.fragments.BottomSheetGroupAdminPanelMember$5
 org.chat21.android.ui.chat_groups.fragments.BottomSheetGroupAdminPanelMember$6
org/chat21/android/utils/views/TextViewLinkHandler.java
 org.chat21.android.utils.views.TextViewLinkHandler
org/chat21/android/storage/OnUploadedCallback.java
 org.chat21.android.storage.OnUploadedCallback
org/chat21/android/ui/contacts/fragments/ContactsListFragment.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.fragments.ContactsListFragment
 org.chat21.android.ui.contacts.fragments.ContactsListFragment$1
org/chat21/android/core/authentication/ChatAuthentication.java
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$1
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$10
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$11
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$12
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$13
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$14
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$15
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$2
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$3
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$4
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$5
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$6
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$7
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$8
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$9
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$OnAuthStateChangeListener
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$OnChatLoginCallback
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$OnChatLogoutCallback
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$OnUserCreatedOnContactsCallback
 org.chat21.android.core.authentication.ChatAuthentication$OnUserCreatedOnFirebaseCallback
org/chat21/android/ui/conversations/adapters/ConversationsListAdapter.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.adapters.ConversationsListAdapter
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.adapters.ConversationsListAdapter$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.adapters.ConversationsListAdapter$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.adapters.ConversationsListAdapter$3
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.adapters.ConversationsListAdapter$4
 org.chat21.android.ui.conversations.adapters.ConversationsListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/adapters/RecipientViewHolder.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.RecipientViewHolder
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.RecipientViewHolder$1
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.RecipientViewHolder$2
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.RecipientViewHolder$3
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.RecipientViewHolder$4
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.RecipientViewHolder$5
org/chat21/android/ui/messages/adapters/MessageListAdapter.java
 org.chat21.android.ui.messages.adapters.MessageListAdapter
